the first thing I want to do the Jewish
family is to establish some house rules
I have here get with the memo okay
that's a little British aim we took it
with a memo and this memo is all about
House Rules
so let's fry up some ideas the house
rules was something we really needed
something then has never been there no
yelling how can we discipline somebody
when they don't know that they broke a
rule the three parents filled out the
rules and then I had them explain it to
the younger kids the first house rule
and this is for everybody no cursing no
name-calling they seemed to be in shock
like what we have rules in this house
we're gonna have rules they were in
disbelief no getting on top of the
furniture no getting on top of the
counters ask the demonstration of the
memo I think it's gonna work along the
way we're gonna derail from those but
we're gonna pick each other up we're
gonna get right back on the trail now
with rules in place these three parents
do need to be told how the timeout works
and the importance of discipline instead
of passing the buck at snack time I had
the opportunity to teach Samantha how to
give a proper warning to her little one
Chrissy hey you don't say that okay
Joe explain to us that when they break a
rule or they're doing something bad that
you go down to their level make eye
contact hey if you want me to put you in
the naughty spot on the stairs do you
want to sit there don't threaten it but
just move around and say
no saying that if you talk like that
being rude then I'm putting you straight
on the naughty step okay so don't
threaten it deliver what you're gonna do
if she continues okay so follow through
all that with her hey I'm gonna sit you
on the 90 step if you say that again I
don't want you to say that that's a bad
word okay Chrissy got the message pretty
fast
she stopped that behavior and then
Samantha went off to work leaving
grandma in charge but that's when
Chrissy started to play up again what
did he do the young pitch hey I'm gonna
put you on the 97 nope and when Chris he
kept hitting it was time for grandma to
step up and follow free timeout Sitarama
step in my vein what she said come on
you're gonna come sit on the 90 step
because you were hitting me sit on the
step explain what she said right here
live away
maybe wife set ear alone it was kind of
hard because that's my granddaughter
she's my baby we'll come back I'm
sterile the first step no choking cry
mama no talking to I just put a straight
back like I said she kept crying after
me after and I just wanted to cry Becca
why just paper why every time she'd cry
out to me it was hurt he breaking my
heart
mama look what
I showed mum exactly what to do and I
took Chrissy by the hand and placed her
on this step where she stayed for the
two minutes the two minutes are up you
go back and you explain again okay okay
sorry hugs and kisses and then she'll
get back up again
grandma puts you on the naughty step
because you hit hate because you hit
Haiti okay while you're sorry say you're
sorry you're sorry
oh I says she still loved me I
disciplined her and she still loved me
okay let's go you went that just leaves
dad yeah an opportunity to disappear
when these girls were playing outside
but we don't seem that interested in
doing anything
Savannah's behavior why do nothing about
it
I am I was just gone because it calm
these girls down warning guy get out
without your warning right everyone in
this case if I don't give her a warning
dad gave Savannah a warning about her
bothering her sisters but she didn't
listen to him at all and so he decided
to take all of the girls inside and do
what he thought was best more talking
what I don't want you to think that it's
okay to smack Haley I don't know no not
another no don't I'm out she knows it's
wrong right to hit Haley but she does it
anyway I had a discussion with her
yesterday
discussion I twerk in my no disrespect
or nothing Glenn but you've been using
this chitter-chatter chitter-chatter
Bramley is where's it got you with
Savannah like seriously where has it got
you with her that just needed to stop
talking and take action so I decided to
show him what that entails Savannah come
here please on the step right now
I do not find it funny that you think
it's okay to hit your sister across the
head is unacceptable behavior I expect
you to sit here for ten minutes and
think about what you're doing because
every time you behave that way you are
going to be disciplined do you
understand me I expect you to use your
voice okay
that was a rude awakening not only for
me but I think for Savannah just by what
she demonstrated that's exactly what
some Anna needs you've got to put action
in I don't want to hear too much talking
okay you talk a good talk but I want to
see you walk the walk now when
Savannah's ten minutes were over we went
back to wrap things up so I don't need
to apologize for your father okay
and you do need to apologize to your
sister as well because I'm acceptable
you know all I want is like one of the
rows one of the steps one of the steps
you can have a conversation about this
afterwards okay every time every time
that you percepts Glen the steps that
definitely needed a guided hand but he
did successfully complete the timeout
sorry won't happen again he does still
have a lot of work to do though so it's
gonna be interesting to see if he can
pull it off oh cool okay after everybody
had settled for a little bit dad went
off to the basketball courts to practice
I see y'all later
love you
banana what are you doing I noticed
right away that mum and dad was letting
the younger children run completely wild